{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red164\green8\blue3;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c71055\c10387\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh13340\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 COLOR CHOICE: 
\b0\fs28 I want to use a minimalist style on my page. Easy on the eyes and very clean cut. I don\'92t think I want to use many different colors. For the background I\'92m thinking grey/light grey for the background on all 3 pages. For the header, body, and footer text I\'92m going to use black text. It will look good against the grey and pop out. For any links for important parts of text I\'92m thinking red or orange just because these will go good with the other colors. I wan\'92t everything centered on the pages.\

\b\fs36 \ul \
\
ABOUT ME: 
\b0\fs28 \ulnone Hi, my name is Valentina Rivera-Arriola. Born and raised in San Francisco, California. I\'92m 23 years old and currently seeking to advance my career! I don\'92t have any experience in coding, but I\'92m currently learning and developing skills that I will have to use in the field. \
\
Most of my job experience is customer service based and security. I do physical security of a big tech company in San Mateo, CA called Snowflake Computing. Everyday I see how much this industry is growing and the demand for people working in this field is very high. Getting an inside look of how everyone works everyday has actually made me curious to what they do on a daily basis which led me to take an \'93Intro to coding\'94 class. I\'92m more so testing out the waters to see if this is something that I\'92d actually like to pursue long term. I have an interest in the network security aspect, so I\'92m looking forward to see what that\'92s all about.\
	*Include picture of self(1 maybe 2 pictures)\
\
\

\b\fs36 \ul CONTACT:
\b0 \ulnone  
\fs28 Resume(PDF) link will be here as well as email and possibly indeed page. Working on making a LINKEDIN profile.\
\
\

\b\fs36 \ul PROJECTS: 
\b0\fs28 \ulnone If applicable, any previous experience or projects will go here. Which is none.\
	***Get some clarification on what else could go on this page.\
\

\b\fs36 \ul NOTES ON PORTFOLIO EXAMPLES(and links):\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone Website:
\b\fs36 \ul  
\fs28 \cf2 \ulnone https://onextrapixel.com/60-clean-and-simple-examples-of-portfolio-design/
\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \

\b0\fs28 \ulnone \
Fabrizio Del Gaudio: I like his color choice and the font/style he used for his name.\
Mark Lamb: The boldness of his header and the font size is popping out\
Justin Aguilar: I would\'92t use this myself but it is very unique! The desk essentials are very cool to me.\
Siyelo: The color choice and the black background against white text.\
Sheena Oosten: This might be my favorite. Bold and the centering of all the text.\
Drew Templeton: I like the little cartoon he used for himself instead of a actual picture.\
\
I didn\'92t really dislike any portfolios. They\'92re all nice in their own ways.\
\
}